+++
title = "HubSpot"
author = ["Max Zhang"]
tags = ["software", "company", "saas", "CRM"]
draft = false
+++

## About {#about}

-   Founder: [Brian Halligan]({{< relref "20220118165132-brian_halligan.md" >}}) &amp; [Dharmesh Shah]({{< relref "20220118165332-dharmesh_shah.md" >}})
-   Found date: 2006
-   IPO at: 2014-10


## Hisotry {#hisotry}


### 2006 {#2006}

Found


### 2014 {#2014}


#### Q3 {#q3}


#### October {#october}

IPO


### 2015 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2015}

</ox-hugo/2015-annual-report.pdf>


### 2016 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2016}


### 2017 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2017}


### 2018 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2018}


### 2019 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2019}


### 2020 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2020}


### 2021 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2021}

</ox-hugo/2021-annual-report.pdf>


#### Q2 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#q2}

</ox-hugo/2022-01-18_17-32-17_hubspot-report-2021q2.pdf>


#### Q3 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#q3}

</ox-hugo/2022-01-18_17-29-40_HubSpot-Report-2021Q1.pdf>


### 2022 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2022}

</ox-hugo/2022-annual-report.pdf>
mid-market business-to-business (“B2B”) companies, which we define as companies that have between 2 and 2,000 employees.

As of December 31, 2021, we had 5,895 full-time employees and 135,442 Customers, as defined in our Key Business Metrics in Item 7, of varying sizes in more than 120 countries.

-   Our Competitive Strengths:
    -   Leading Platform.
    -   Market Leadership and Strong Brand.
    -   Large and Growing Solutions Partner Program. Solutions Partners and customers referred to us by our Solutions Partners represented approximately 34% of our Customers as of December 31, 2021, and approximately 44% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021.
    -   Freemium Pricing Strategy. Through our freemium products, our customers are able to receive value from HubSpot before converting to a paid product or engaging with sales.
    -   Mid-Market Focus. reaching mid-market businesses and efficiently reach this market at scale as a result of our inbound methodology, freemium pricing strategy, and our Solutions Partner channel.
    -   Powerful Network Effects. We believe this ecosystem drives more businesses and professionals to embrace the inbound playbook.
-   Our Growth Strategy:
    -   Grow Our Customer Base.
    -   Increase Revenue from Existing Customers. by upselling additional offerings and features, including our end-to-end payment solution, adding additional users, and cross-selling our marketing, sales, service, operations, and content management products to existing customers through touchless or low touch in-product purchases.
    -   Keep Expanding Internationally. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 52% of our Customers were located outside of the United States and these Customers generated approximately 46% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021.
    -   Continue to Innovate and Expand Our CRM Platform.
    -   Selectively Pursue Acquisitions.
-   Marketing and Sales:
    -   Inbound Marketing. Our marketing team attracts new leads and users each month through our industry-leading blog, podcast network, email newsletter and other content, free tools, large social media following, high search engine rankings and personalized website and email content. In addition, we are generating leads for new and add-on product purchases through content and offers delivered through our CRM Platform to existing customers.
    -   Inbound Direct Sales. In addition, through our freemium products and in-product cross-sell offerings, we close new business with little or no interaction by our sales representatives.
    -   Inbound Channel Sales. relationships with our worldwide network of Solutions Partners who both use our platform for their own businesses


#### Q1 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#q1}

</ox-hugo/2022Q1-report.pdf>


#### Q2 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#q2}

</ox-hugo/2022Q2-report.pdf>


#### Q3 {#q3}


#### Q4 {#q4}
