+++
title = "Scenarios"
author = ["Max Zhang"]
draft = false
+++

## Scenarios {#scenarios}

[Scenario]({{<relref "20220130132918-scenario.md#" >}}) describe the stories and context behind why a specific user or user
group comes to your site.  They note the goals and questions to be achieved and
sometimes define the possibilities of how the user(s) can achieve them on the
site.

[Scenario]({{<relref "20220130132918-scenario.md#" >}}) are critical both for designing an interface and for usability testing.


### What to Consider When Writing Scenarios {#what-to-consider-when-writing-scenarios}

Good [Scenario]({{<relref "20220130132918-scenario.md#" >}}) are concise but answer the following key questions:

-   **Who is the user?** Use the personas that have been developed to reflect the
    real, major user groups coming to your site.
-   **Why does the user come to the site?** Note what motivates the user to come to
    the site and their expectations upon arrival, if any.
-   **What goals does he/she have?** Through task analysis, you can better understand
    the what the user wants on your site and therefore what the site must have for
    them to leave satisfied.


### Types of Scenarios {#types-of-scenarios}


#### Goal- or Task-Based Scenarios {#goal-or-task-based-scenarios}

state only what the user wants to do.

Example: A parent is worried about a ten-year old refusing to drink milk and
wants to know if it really makes a difference that the child is getting very
little calcium.


#### Elaborated Scenarios {#elaborated-scenarios}

give more user story details.


#### Full Scale Task Scenarios {#full-scale-task-scenarios}

include the steps to accomplish the task.


### Using Scenarios in Website Design {#using-scenarios-in-website-design}


### Using Scenarios in Usability Testing {#using-scenarios-in-usability-testing}