+++
title = "Atlassian"
author = ["Max Zhang"]
tags = ["company"]
draft = false
+++

## About {#about}


## History {#history}


### 2002 {#2002}

-   Found
-   Released [JIRA]({{< relref "20221007115052-jira.md" >}})


### 2004 {#2004}

-   Released [Confluence]({{< relref "20221007115406-confluence.md" >}})


### 2010 {#2010}

-   Riased $60M from [Accel Partners]({{< relref "20221007115217-accel_partners.md" >}})


### 2011 {#2011}


#### June {#june}

-   Revenue: $102M


### 2015 {#2015}

-   Sales: $320M


#### December {#december}

-   12-05: IPO


### 2019 {#2019}

-   Valuation: $26.6B


### 2020 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2020}

</ox-hugo/TEAM-2020_Annual_Report.pdf>


#### June {#june}

-   Acquired Mindville: an asset and configuration management company.


#### October {#october}


### 2021 <span class="tag"><span class="ATTACH">ATTACH</span></span> {#2021}

</ox-hugo/FY21-Annual-Report-on-Form-20-F.pdf>


#### Annual report breif {#annual-report-breif}

<!--list-separator-->

-  B. Business Overview

    with more than 236,000 customers across virtually every industry sector in approximately 200 countries as of June 30, 2021.

    We recognize that users drive the adoption and proliferation of our products and, as a result, we focus on enabling a self-service, low-friction distribution model that makes it easy for users to try, adopt, and use our products. We are relentlessly focused on measuring and improving user satisfaction as we know that one happy user will beget another, thereby expanding the large and organic word-of-mouth community that helps drive our growth.

    Because our products are easy to try and purchase, and are offered at affordable price points, they can be sold through a high-velocity, low-friction online distribution model. This model allows us to generate demand from word-of-mouth and expansion within organizations

<!--list-separator-->

-  Our Product Strategy

    -   Built for Teams
    -   Easy to Adopt and Use
    -   Versatile and Adaptable
    -   Integrated
    -   Open

<!--list-separator-->

-  Our Distribution Model

      We primarily rely on word-of-mouth and low-touch demand generation to drive trial, adoption, and expansion of our products.
    The following are key attributes of our unique model:

    -   Innovation-driven
    -   Simple and Affordable
    -   Organic and Expansive
    -   Scale-oriented
    -   Data-driven

<!--list-separator-->

-  Our Financial Model

    -   Significant Investment in Ongoing Product Development and Sales Automation
    -   Rapid and Efficient Acquisition of New Customers
        By building products that are free to try and easy to use, we are able to attract customers rapidly without relying primarily on a traditional sales force, thereby significantly lowering the cost of customer acquisition.
    -   Continued Expansion
    -   Predictability of Sales
    -   Positive Free Cash Flow

<!--list-separator-->

-  Our Products

    -   Jira Software and Jira Work Management
    -   Confluence
    -   Trello
    -   Jira Service Management
    -   Opsgenie
    -   Jira Align
    -   Bitbucket
    -   Atlassian Access

    We also offer additional products, including Atlassian cloud apps, Bamboo, Crowd, Crucible, Fisheye, Halp, Sourcetree, and Statuspage.

<!--list-separator-->

-  The Atlassian Marketplace and Ecosystem

    In fiscal year 2021, the Atlassian Marketplace generated over $500 million in purchases.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Marketing

    Our model focuses on a land-and-expand strategy, automated and low-touch customer service, superior product quality, and disruptive pricing.
    Our marketing efforts focus on growing our company brand, building broader awareness and increasing demand for each of our products.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Sales

    Our website is our primary forum for sales, and supports thousands of commercial transactions daily.

    We also have a global network of solution partners with unique expertise, services and products.

    A substantial majority of our sales are automated through our website, including sales of our products through our solution partners and resellers. Our solution partners and resellers primarily focus on customers in regions that require local language support and other customized needs. Sales through indirect channels comprised approximately 40% of total revenue for fiscal year 2021.

    We generate revenues primarily in the form of subscriptions, maintenance, perpetual licenses and other sources. Subscription revenues consist primarily of fees earned from subscription-based arrangements for providing customers the right to use our software in a cloud-based-infrastructure that we provide.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Comments

    网站和合作伙伴是 Atlassian 主要的获客渠道，合作伙伴主要关注的是非英语国家，需要本地化服务的客户，合作伙伴提供了大约 40% 的营收。


#### February {#february}

-   Acquired Chartio: A data analytics and visualication tool.


### 2022 {#2022}
